## Project Reflection

## Most Challenging Part
One of the most challenging parts of my Puzzle Sliding Game was gettting the images to switch when they were clicked on. By then, I had already assigned each grid(square) number to an image and all I had to do was to check to see where my mouse was. If my mouse was on an image beside the white empty square, the two sqares would switch. The problem with my code was that I didnt put in enough parameters for the sanity check. The next issue I ran into was centering the grid. I had to shift the whole gird over, therefore I had to set new x-vales for all of my sanity checks. The hardest part of that was to check where the mouse was. I had to do the math to see how much the mouse coordinates had to divide by in order to tell me the correct square coordinates. However, in the end, I was still able to complete my needs to have list and complete around half of my nice to have list.

## What I Would Do Differently
Im pretty happy with how I chose to do this project because I set mini due dates for myself along the way. I wrote down when I was supposed to finish my different components and tried to follow my plan throughout the time we got to work on our project. One thing that I wanted to try at the beginning was to not crop the images beforehand, instead, come up with a program to crop the images itself. However, I was worried that I would run out of time so I went with the other option. If I had more time on the project, I would like to try to make something that allows the player to add their own image and have the program crop it for them and turn it into a puzzle. Looking back, something else I wish I did was to make buttons to click instead of having the player to press keyboard keys. I think having buttons would make the game more "game-like."

## What I Am Most Proud Of
Since my project was just adding new features to my 2d arrays project, I am pretty happy to see all of the changes I made to improve it. Although I worked on the visual a lot, the thing I'm the most proud that I worked on after the 2d arrays project was due were my state variables and my end page. I had many state variables that branched off of each other (ex. the reference image for the 3x3 grid could only work when the game mode was the 3x3 grid). I also spent a long time trying to make the game check to see if it has been completed or not because I got stuck. I also ran into a problem in the 4x4 grid where the puzzle would almost be completed but switch to the end page. Once I changed the order the array got checked and it started to work, I felt pretty acomplished.  
